c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\AuxWebSystem.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\AuxWebSystem.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\AuxWebSystem.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.pdb
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.pdb
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\AuxWebSystem.dll.config
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\AuxWebSystem.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\AuxWebSystem.pdb
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\AuxWebSystem.dll.config
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\AuxWebSystem.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\AuxWebSystem.pdb
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.dll
E:\STUDY\ComputerScience\CODE\visualstudio2013\Projects\OODL\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.pdb
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\AuxWebSystem.dll.config
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\AuxWebSystem.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\AuxWebSystem.pdb
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.dll
G:\文档\GitHub\AuxWebSystem\AuxWebSystem\obj\Debug\AuxWebSystem.pdb
